What we know about the killing of 3 Israeli hostages by the IDF
我们对以色列国防军杀害 3 名人质的了解

By Tamar Michaelis, Richard Allen Greene and Joshua Berlinger, CNN
作者：Tamar Michaelis、Richard Allen Greene 和 Joshua Berlinger，CNN

 What the Israeli military said happened
以色列军方所说的事情发生了

The men were killed while waving a white flag in violation of IDF rules of engagement, an IDF official said on Saturday.
以色列国防军官员周六表示，这些人在挥舞白旗时被杀，违反了以色列国防军的交战规则。

The official - who spoke to journalists on the condition of anonymity to speak freely about an ongoing investigation - said the trio emerged shirtless, waving their flag, from a building “tens of meters” away from a group of Israeli troops in the Gaza City neighborhood of Shejaiya.
这位不愿透露姓名的官员对记者表示，这三人赤裸上身，挥舞着旗帜，从距离加沙城附近一群以色列军队“数十米”的一座建筑中出现。谢贾亚。

At least one soldier felt threatened and opened fire, killing two of the men immediately. The third was wounded and ran back inside the building. The Israeli unit overheard a cry for help in Hebrew, at which time the brigade commander ordered his troops to stop shooting. However, there was another burst of gunfire. The third hostage died later.
至少一名士兵感到受到威胁并开枪，立即杀死了其中两人。第三个人受伤后跑回大楼内。以色列部队无意中听到希伯来语的求救声，此时旅长命令他的部队停止射击。然而，又是一声枪响。第三名人质随后死亡。

It’s unclear which hostage survived initially and when he was killed, the official added.
这位官员补充说，目前尚不清楚哪名人质最初幸存以及他何时被杀。

Israeli soldiers did not anticipate that they would be approached by hostages, but instead thought they would find them either in a building, in a tunnel or handcuffed, according to IDF Spokesperson Daniel Hagari.
以色列国防军发言人丹尼尔·哈加里 (Daniel Hagari) 表示，以色列士兵并没有预料到人质会接近他们，而是认为他们会在建筑物中、隧道中或被戴上手铐的人质中找到人质。

He said at a news conference Saturday that Israel’s military did not have intelligence about the three hostages mistakenly killed, adding: “This is a mistake and a malfunction.”
他在周六的新闻发布会上表示，以色列军方没有关于三名人质被误杀的情报，并补充道：“这是一个错误，也是一次故障。”

Shejaiya has been the scene of fierce fighting in recent days, with Israeli forces confronting ambush attempts and attacks that involved suicide bombers or assailants dressed in civilian clothes, according to the IDF.
据以色列国防军称，谢贾亚最近几天一直是激烈战斗的场所，以色列军队面临伏击企图和自杀式炸弹袭击者或身着便衣的袭击者的袭击。

Hagari broke the news of the incident on Friday calling it “a sad and painful incident.”
哈加里周五透露了这一事件的消息，称这是“一次悲伤和痛苦的事件”。

Hagari said the IDF assumed the three Israelis who were killed had either escaped or been abandoned by their captors due to the fighting in Shejaiya.
哈加里说，以色列国防军认为，由于谢贾亚的战斗，被杀的三名以色列人要么逃跑，要么被绑架者遗弃。

The IDF is aware of a building marked “SOS” a few hundred feet from where the hostages were shot to death. Authorities are investigating if there is a connection between it and the captives who were killed on Friday.
以色列国防军注意到，距离人质被枪杀的地方几百英尺处有一座标有“SOS”的建筑物。当局正在调查这起事件与周五被杀的俘虏之间是否有联系。
What the IDF is doing to prevent similar tragedies
以色列国防军正在采取哪些措施来防止类似悲剧发生

Israeli soldiers in Gaza are now being told to “exercise additional caution” when encountering people in civilian clothes following the hostages’ accidental killing, Jonathan Conricus, another IDF spokesman, told CNN.
以色列国防军另一位发言人乔纳森·康里克斯 (Jonathan Conricus) 告诉美国有线电视新闻网 (CNN)，在人质被意外杀害后，加沙的以色列士兵现在被告知在遇到便装人员时要“格外小心”。

“What we have told our troops is to be extra vigilant and do one more safety check before dealing with kinetics with any threat that they face on the battlefield,” Conricus said, “but it is a very challenging environment that our troops are in.”
康里克斯说：“我们告诉我们的部队要格外警惕，在应对战场上面临的任何威胁之前再进行一次安全检查，但我们的部队所处的环境非常具有挑战性。 ”

The IDF alleged earlier Friday that Hamas has attempted to use dolls and backpacks with speakers playing sounds of crying or children speaking in Hebrew to lure Israeli soldiers into a trap.
以色列国防军周五早些时候声称，哈马斯试图使用洋娃娃和背包，扬声器播放哭声或儿童用希伯来语说话的声音，引诱以色列士兵落入陷阱。
Who were the hostages?
人质是谁？

All three hostages were young men. Yotam Haim and Alon Shimriz were kidnapped from Kibbutz Kfar Aza, while Samer Talalka was taken near Kibbutz Nir Am.
三名人质都是年轻人。 Yotam Haim 和 Alon Shimriz 在 Kfar Aza 基布兹被绑架，而 Samer Talalka 在 Nir ​​Am 基布兹附近被绑架。

Talalka, 25, was a member of Israel’s Bedouin community and the eldest of 10 children. He lived in the town of Hura and worked with his father and brothers at a chicken hatchery near Kibbutz Nir Am.
25 岁的塔拉尔卡是以色列贝都因社区的成员，也是 10 个孩子中的长子。他住在胡拉镇，与父亲和兄弟一起在尼尔阿姆基布兹附近的一家鸡孵化场工作。

On October 7, he was with his father at the chicken hatchery and told his sister in a phone call that he had been injured by terrorist gunfire, until the call disconnected, according to the Israeli Hostages and Missing Persons Families Forum.
据以色列人质和失踪人员家庭论坛称，10 月 7 日，他和父亲一起在鸡孵化场，并在电话中告诉妹妹，他被恐怖分子枪击受伤，直到电话挂断。

Haim, 28, was gifted musician and heavy metal fan. He had played the drums for 20 years and was supposed to perform at a Metal Music Festival in Tel Aviv on October 7th with his band, Persephore. Yotam last spoke with his family that morning. He told them his house had burned down before losing contact with them at 10:44 a.m., soon after which he was kidnapped by Hamas, according to the family forum.
Haim，28 岁，是一位才华横溢的音乐家和重金属迷。他已经打鼓 20 年了，原定于 10 月 7 日与他的乐队 Persephore 一起在特拉维夫的金属音乐节上表演。约塔姆最后一次与家人通话是在那天早上。据家庭论坛称，他告诉他们，他的房子被烧毁，然后在上午 10 点 44 分与他们失去联系，不久之后他就被哈马斯绑架了。

Less is known about Shimriz, but his family, like those of Talalka and Haim, had spoken publicly about their ordeal
人们对希姆里兹知之甚少，但他的家人，如塔拉尔卡和海姆的家人，曾公开谈论过他们的苦难经历

Haim’s mother, Iris, had told Israel’s Channel 11 earlier this week that she had faith her son would return even without raising her voice at the government.
Haim 的母亲 Iris 本周早些时候告诉以色列第 11 频道，她相信即使没有向政府发声，她的儿子也会回来。

“Some people think that if they don’t shout, no one will bring their children back. I tell them: we can do it peacefully and through a respectful dialogue. The children will come back, I have no doubt,” she said.
“有些人认为，如果他们不喊叫，就没有人会把他们的孩子带回来。我告诉他们：我们可以通过尊重的对话和平地做到这一点。孩子们会回来的，我毫不怀疑，”她说。
What’s the reaction been?
反应如何？

Some of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s critics see the killings as proof that the Israeli government is more concerned with eradicating Hamas than it is with freeing the remaining hostages held by the group – the two key goals of the military operation in Gaza.
本杰明·内塔尼亚胡总理的一些批评者认为，这些杀戮证明以色列政府更关心的是根除哈马斯，而不是释放该组织剩余的人质——这是加沙军事行动的两个关键目标。

Before news of three hostages’ deaths broke, 132 captives were believed to still in Gaza, of whom 112 were thought to still be alive, Israeli authorities said Friday.
以色列当局周五表示，在三名人质死亡的消息传出之前，据信仍有 132 名人质在加沙，其中 112 人还活着。

“The ground invasion is killing the hostages,” said Udi Goren, whose cousin was killed by Hamas, told CNN.
“地面入侵正在杀害人质，”乌迪·戈伦（Udi Goren）告诉美国有线电视新闻网（CNN），他的表弟被哈马斯杀害。

 Rallies were held on Friday night in Tel Aviv to demand immediate action to bring back the rest of those being held in Gaza. Demonstrators chanted “everyone now” and temporarily blocked a main road that runs through the city, during the three-hour demonstration.
周五晚上在特拉维夫举行集会，要求立即采取行动，带回被关押在加沙的其他人。在三个小时的示威活动中，示威者高呼“现在大家”，并暂时封锁了一条穿过城市的主要道路。

“We want to do everything can to bring back the hostages,” one said “We are asking our government our cabinet to do the best they can to find more solutions because our friends and our family now
一位人士说：“我们希望尽一切努力带回人质，我们要求我们的政府、我们的内阁尽最大努力寻找更多解决方案，因为我们的朋友和家人现在

Among the demonstrators was Noam Tibon, a retired IDF major general who made headlines for personally driving south on October 7 to rescue his family from Hamas militants.
示威者中包括退役的以色列国防军少将诺姆·蒂邦 (Noam Tibon)，他因 10 月 7 日亲自驾车南下从哈马斯武装分子手中营救家人而登上新闻头条。

Tibon told CNN that the government needs to “announce that to bring back the hostages is the number one priority for this war.
蒂邦告诉美国有线电视新闻网，政府需要“宣布带回人质是这场战争的首要任务。

“The clock is ticking, and it’s against the hostages,” he said.
“时间在流逝，这对人质来说是不利的，”他说。
How the government is responding
政府如何回应

Netanyahu has been under pressure domestically, both over his failure to anticipate the attacks and to bring the hostages home, but so far there seems little appetite to remove him with the conflict ongoing.
内塔尼亚胡在国内一直面临压力，既因为他未能预见到袭击事件，也因为未能将人质带回家，但到目前为止，由于冲突仍在继续，似乎没有人愿意将他赶下台。

Mossad Director David Barnea met with Qatar’s prime minister in Europe this weekend to continue discussions about getting hostages released by Hamas, a source familiar with the plans told CNN Sunday.
一位熟悉该计划的消息人士周日告诉美国有线电视新闻网，摩萨德主任戴维·巴尼亚本周末在欧洲会见了卡塔尔总理，继续讨论释放哈马斯人质的问题。

While the killing of the three hostages has added urgency to the conversations, the source said, it’s unclear if it incident will cost the Netanyahu politically or lead to any major changes in either government or the military.
消息人士称，虽然三名人质被杀增加了对话的紧迫性，但目前尚不清楚这一事件是否会让内塔尼亚胡付出政治代价，或导致政府或军队发生重大变化。

Speaking for the first time since the killings, the longtime Israeli prime minister on Saturday told the Israeli nation, “We are in a war for our existence.”
周六，这位长期担任以色列总理的以色列总理在杀戮事件发生后首次发表讲话，他告诉以色列民族：“我们正处于一场生存之战中。”

Netanyahu said the war “must continue until victory, despite the international pressure and despite the unbearable cost that the war is exacting from us in our fallen sons and daughters.”
内塔尼亚胡表示，战争“必须继续下去，直到胜利，尽管面临国际压力，尽管战争让我们的儿女付出了难以承受的代价”。

 Defense Minister Yoav Gallant called their deaths “a painful incident for every Israeli,” while lawmaker Benny Gantz, a former rival of Netanyahu’s and now part of a wartime coalition government, said his heart was “shattered after learning about this tragedy.”
国防部长约阿夫·加兰特称他们的死亡“对每个以色列人来说都是一个痛苦的事件”，而内塔尼亚胡的前竞争对手、现在战时联合政府成员的议员本尼·甘茨表示，他“在得知这场悲剧后心碎了”。

Both leaders indicated that the war would continue. Gallant said Israel “must remain resilient and continue operating,” while Gantz said the country’s “responsibility is to win the war, and part of that victory would be to return the hostages home.”
两位领导人都表示战争将继续下去。加兰特表示，以色列“必须保持韧性并继续行动”，而甘茨则表示，该国“的责任是赢得战争，而胜利的一部分就是将人质送回国。”

CNN’s Alex Marquardt, Andrew Carey and David Shortell contributed to this report
CNN 的亚历克斯·马夸特 (Alex Marquardt)、安德鲁·凯里 (Andrew Carey) 和大卫·肖特尔 (David Shortell) 对本报告做出了贡献